If you've completed
the previous quiz successfully,
you should now have an Altryx workflow
that looks something similar to this.
You would have used
three other PCA tools.
One for rain, one for snow,
and one for precipitation.
To quickly go through the configuration
for each, as you can see, for the rain,
you would have picked
the 12 rain variables.
I chose to append 4
principle components.
For snow, you would have
picked the snow variables.
And I chose to append 2
principal components because
most of the variance was maintained and
captured in only the first two.
One thing to note on
the snow PCA process,
I did not select to scale the data.
This is a case where
the data doesn't alow for
scaling because all the values for
snow fall in July are zero.
The scaling process doesn't work and
would throw an error.
For precipitation,
I picked the precipitation months and
chose to append four
principal components.
What you need to do now,
is to get all of the necessary data
into one dataset to use in
the cluster analysis process.
This can be done by joining them
together with a Join Multiple tool.
To simplify creating
the rest of the workflow,
which is more about the Alteryx process.
I've built out a complete workflow
that shows how you would do this.
You can download the complete
workflow from the instructor notes.
If you want to get more
familiar with Alteryx,
I'd encourage you to work through
the configuration for each of the tools.
I have saved the results of
the process to a yxdb file,
which is an Alteryx format that
will retain the numeric data types.
This is in the instructor notes as well.
This file can be used as a starting
point for the next part of the exercise.